i'm here with jeff in control robinson
who just won the wcg US open
invitational here in New York City how
does it feel Jeff it's absolutely
incredible like everyone talks about how
I used to know I was a past champion in
2007 and I've been living off of that
for like a couple years now and it's
getting a little old going to events get
my butt kicked you know and saying well
I once want to turn it so to come here
to play the g5 machine and louder sit
down to the best in the country from
last year and to win feels really good I
can't even tell you I'll get a feel how
was her final series with louder you
know I felt like a lot of them got
really jus motivated I think they came
in here with a certain idea of how
things were going to go and I don't
think any of those three players felt
that things went their way so actually
in the finals I felt like louder played
a little bit the lack of a better word
flaccid I mean he's a great player he's
usually really good with like her ass
and he's very strong and harassing you
and then getting at you with a bigger
army while you're trying to deal with
that and in the last couple games I
think I don't know you'd have to ask him
but it just didn't feel like his old
self I know it's a little early in bold
to make these predictions but how do you
think you're gonna fair at the u.s.
finals as players already there like
louder who you just played Kawhi rice
and elves it in your own teammate Ozzy
gamer you know there's going to be a
bunch of really good players especially
with the way wcg is running this
tournament right now it's anyone's game
but you know it's kind of a the big X
Factor's I drew I mean that guy when
he's playing his best is just like know
anyone's last year pretty unstoppable I
don't see anyone beating him you know
but with g5s pvt with nye oaken's tvt
with you know maybe a lucky game here or
there for me and maybe somebody else
perhaps you could get knocked out and if
that happens I think the door is open
for someone like me to win what is it
like with you being at this event with
your team you would just sign with eg
what I mean what does it mean to
you to be with the counter strike guys
cheer them on and your own starcraft
game it's absolutely incredible like
this is a huge prestigious tournament
and it's it's a huge honor to go to it
but unfortunately with the way you know
things have been with wcg the prize
package of five hundred dollars isn't
really enough to justify traveling
across the country to do it so with
think you know with sponsors with DG and
that kind of thing I'm able to come here
to represent my team and to be with my
team and to take a shot at a really
prestigious tournament and I wouldn't be
here for one for my team so I can't say
thinking about is this a last wcg US
open for starcraft brood war or do you
feel starcraft is going to be at the
next one it's always the big question
and I've been wrong so many times on the
subject in the past but I want to say
that the better bet would be that this
is not the last starcraft broodwar us
invitational i think starcraft 2 will be
in the bed of stage I think they'll find
some problems with it and then I think
they're blizzard being the the guys they
are going to want to perfect it and that
being said I think we'll see one more
wcg with starcraft anything else you'd
like to say to your fans team family
it's just been actually incredibly I
keep having fans and hang out the team
and the shenanigans that you are well
aware of like it's been an absolute
blast and I wouldn't be here for 140
migi and all the sponsors so thank you
and tell Peregrine and steelseries
everybody like it's just huge to be here
thank you Jeff